README.md, before:

<img width="300" height="37" alt="AutoAnimate Logo" src="https://cdn.formk.it/web-assets/logo-auto-animate.svg" >

![Latest Build](https://github.com/formkit/auto-animate/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg) ![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/formkit) ![Package Size](https://img.badgesize.io/https:/unpkg.com/@formkit/auto-animate@latest/index.min.js.svg?label=brotli&compression=brotli)

# Add motion to your apps with a single line of code.

AutoAnimate is a zero-config, drop-in animation utility that adds smooth transitions to your web app. You can use it with Vue, React, or any other JavaScript application.

<a href="https://auto-animate.formkit.com"><img width="180" height="42" src="https://cdn.formk.it/web-assets/read-docs-auto-animate.svg" alt="Examples & Docs"></a>

## Installation

Install using your package manager of choice.

```bash
#yarn
yarn add @formkit/auto-animate
#npm
npm install @formkit/auto-animate
#pnpm
pnpm add @formkit/auto-animate
```

Boom! Done. That was fast! 🐇

## Usage

📖 [View the documentation site for usage instructions](https://auto-animate.formkit.com#usage).

## Examples

📖 [View the documentation site for examples](https://auto-animate.formkit.com#examples).

## Support us

Is AutoAnimate saving you time?

Please consider [supporting us with a recurring or one-time donation](https://github.com/sponsors/formkit)! 🙏

Commit message:

adds plugins section to readme

README.md, after:

<img width="300" height="37" alt="AutoAnimate Logo" src="https://cdn.formk.it/web-assets/logo-auto-animate.svg" >

![Latest Build](https://github.com/formkit/auto-animate/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg) ![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/formkit) ![Package Size](https://img.badgesize.io/https:/unpkg.com/@formkit/auto-animate@latest/index.min.js.svg?label=brotli&compression=brotli)

# Add motion to your apps with a single line of code.

AutoAnimate is a zero-config, drop-in animation utility that adds smooth transitions to your web app. You can use it with Vue, React, or any other JavaScript application.

<a href="https://auto-animate.formkit.com"><img width="180" height="42" src="https://cdn.formk.it/web-assets/read-docs-auto-animate.svg" alt="Examples & Docs"></a>

## Installation

Install using your package manager of choice.

```bash
#yarn
yarn add @formkit/auto-animate
#npm
npm install @formkit/auto-animate
#pnpm
pnpm add @formkit/auto-animate
```

Boom! Done. That was fast! 🐇

## Usage

📖 [View the documentation site for usage instructions](https://auto-animate.formkit.com#usage).

## Examples

📖 [View the documentation site for examples](https://auto-animate.formkit.com#examples).

## Plugins

📖 [View the documentation site for plugin instructions](https://auto-animate.formkit.com#plugins).

## Support us

Is AutoAnimate saving you time?

Please consider [supporting us with a recurring or one-time donation](https://github.com/sponsors/formkit)! 🙏
